Hey guys, we're here on US
University of Sao Paulo
we make some radical golzinhos here
I sit here two spectators there
Let's explore first around
here is a nice area I always see the
Flying people here never came here neo
explored on this poles in here that
it's a clean sport to sew a lot
cool, right?
I'll be using three forms of
flight or 2 more aggressive manual more
docile and a t to assist in piloting
also that nobody is iron right
and I'll also introduce idec music
of the video is not that thing a
Note, I only talk so much here in the
team champion if type the crosss of goal
much less logic is small but it gives
to pass was to play
the speed you can print here is
very good will not pass the time did not give
bye and at the speed of the first
Nice as it passes the honor ten
them crazy crazy crazy
The people below here are more
quiet acquaintances but here by
top that opts for the nice city
remembering that this video is not
It's accelerated and there's no cut in it, too.
which is characteristic of my way of
make the video and you see when
accelerated that the ground of the rancid side
It's a drag and you do not have it here.
nothing against accelerating the video but your
I see the truth
Let's vote the video here looks great
Everything is wonderful, I went over
passing side
and the area that is very interesting passed
of a quick reason on this line here in the
ranking is empty than usp
say one side or the other here
module also in manual to wave mode
very cool, look, give me a
A little more that you like best
aggressive jamari grassi manual
here the manual at 1 hour went up to theory
was manual as I needed it
here I will take a step by
me here
walk up and stand up for a
called the look only that the height of the
shopping is a baby, I love to explain it
The passage here asked me to stay.
all OK
walking a little slow to meet or
Ride again here they will try to do
circuits in here I went over there
go through the now untapped side
among them is also cool the father show
ball came back in futuralia here the paraná
will not give on the family to abort
and this I now passed after the family
Ki-moon again, it 's cool here.
lower income is the turn had
option the chitin went ahead let's enter
very well here looks how cool is a
Right sure clothes and you win love
love're not accelerated imagine if
accelerate it in safe way 18 Cup
insurance insurance crazy image clothing is
very cool this place here very cool
interesting does not end, it's not over yet
people are very cool, very cool acronym
lega walk very good very generous people
Here not passadinha
the white balloon ac the water do not make a
subidinha of lap
I mean let's go to the top of the mountain
Russian I will go through a manual two and
I'm going to make a delicious loon face.
how to start
the dose is cool I'll stop here in between
come on let's climb up the
roller coaster enjoy the music of
climb
arriving all comes at the top of the turn
manual two and let's go down guys
nose or think you decide
One of our bixiga even shook the bada and
see that we see them we will rise again
to take away packs that are very cool
10 garolli their team olympic for the
pet only with game calling value .
dipped line again here look only
that ten in the very good very cheap image
very
It's really good not to mention another
Chronic thing keep now that now
got carried guy is me because it will give
for the child is low and low download
Daddy , I said I was going to download this.
even come verdão towards the pass
Quick clothes to get the now to
sewn very low that between the
very low low not the pope there
Not here for a while.
left we are going to take the mother go
To sew this sport here pass the one
strong as the other the other a problem
It's not ufama's going to save the opa
stitching is what I need 2000 has entered the
half is it
the right van to get one
Come back now, it looks cool and celebrates.
van jacarepaguá height one minor is
through the city I did 'the very good guy
a mistake in the sewing of this sport and there
here and there
Oops and goes that will not do it thing
came how one works gave it
Right and left pole dener
arrived I listened picked up
now yes our joy even joy
people go there
the package that is what if not not
be turning not